LINE Core Dumping
$Id: Core\040Dumping.txt,v 1.2 2001/05/29 16:05:30 mvines Exp $

----------------
Note: LINE 0.5 includes a Linux Syscall Redirector which solves much of
      the problems described in this file (albeit only for Windows 2000/NT).  
      See "Syscall Redirector.txt" for details.
----------------

A major inconvenience that LINE is suffering from right now is that there 
is no way to debug a running Linux application (linexec.exe process).  
You can't just attach a Windows debugger to the process because the process 
is already being debugged by the Line process monitor (Line.exe).  

One way to handle this problem would be to run a Linux gdb from within LINE 
and use it to debug the other Linux application.  gdb does actually start up 
in LINE, however the ptrace() syscall is not implemented and LINE's signal 
handing is still quite poor.

The other option would be to build real debugging features into Line.exe, 
maybe link it with a libgdb or something.  But that is way in the future.

So at present, all that LINE offers is a hidden syscall that will force 
the process to dump core and exit.  

The general idea is to put the instructions
---
movl $0xdeadf00d, %eax
int $0x80
---
in the Linux executable near the point of the crash.  When LINE executes
these instructions it will terminate the process and output a file called
"linecore" in the current directory.  This will contain a memory image of the
executable with the current register values.  Note that Cygwin state is 
NOT saved, this includes everything from open file to signal handlers to 
shared memory regions.

With the linecore file, run the command

$ linexec.exe -f -C linecore

This will load the core back into memory and output a 
"Press Enter to continue" message.  Linexec is now running on its own and
you can now attach a real debugger to the process and examine its state.

NOTE:  Since the Linexec process is not running under LINE it will die
       on the first Linux syscall it encounters.  

The core files that LINE outputs do not conform to any common file format
(ie. you can't just load them into gdb and expect it to work!)


